hello guys today I am going to show you
another special menu from Applebee's
this video was taken to this afternoon
of their brunch and now the palace in
Southern California
shoo shoo ah we always take advantage of
their special promo called the 2 for 20
it's like two males for the price of $20
on me what funny is a friend Sean said
that he already had his food last night
it's called the hanok pepper chicken and
shrimp they have the food must live with
his girlfriend for their be rare but
since he is so craving for the food he
asked me to order the same flu that's
what they had last night anyways the
honey pepper chicken shrimp is
combination of a tender juicy chicken
yes literally it is tender juicy and
tasty grilled chicken and some breaded
fried shrimps on the time then it starts
to an exciting handicapped persons and
guess what it is so yummy then on the
side they have the freshly fried potato
and crispy green beans and of course
there's salsa and artichoke and spinach
dip with some melted melted cheese on
the top which is a great complement to
going to this Applebee's brunch in
Montebello has always been a great
experience for us the staff is so
friendly and the food is excellent and I
will rate my experience today five stars
and I'm pretty sure I've always go back
to this Applebee's brunch
alright
have fun watching and Bon Apetit